all righty guys welcome back welcome
back to another episode of less versus
amazing shop or gas and as you can see
in the top right hand corner we got
$40,000 or pennies or whatever they use
let me show you about less spectacular
character pack unlock or purchase who's
this guy here the mechanic the engineer
mechanic so there he is
so let's go ahead and open up another
spectacular character pack would you
like to push this to fix it yeah but
with something good come on man
come on oh look at this another chubby
fire Chompy oh yeah
pretty butterfly wings oh it's cute it's
so cute alright it let's go ahead and
play them choppy's are super fun to play
out of the two that actually three I
have the regular one I have Count
Chocula and add the hot rod choppy and I
have those three my mirror one is the UH
is the hot rod one because it's pretty
quick I'd I jest in this food I like the
sound of its engine so let's see how
this one is and we are jumping to a game
that just us in the process alright it
hot rod fire chopper
I say choppy okay look I just started
fire Chompy as a child
Skylanders already
this guy's Bora this has a 150 it's
health 150 the hot rod it's only a
hundred so that's wonder like it's a
week it's killed so easily now I know
why because these other choppers have
oh yeah you just got you two did Oh
hurry up all right
oh man you scared me what the healty bro
oh dude I
ah job though agent pizzle
and where is everybody maybe I should
stay down below here
oh yeah oh I gotta hit I don't do so
funny mama said knock you out oh yeah oh
the chemical beaker blaster that's
pretty cool
alright let's go ahead
I eat I'll carry five you owe me I can't
revive in India at the same time bad bad
bad bad bad bad bad I didn't do this
little jaws sound cuz he does remind me
of like a little shark
oh yeah I got you buddy let me let me
let me swallow this first here we go all
right
oh never try to kill somebody when you
try to eat somebody
fishies ah be flesh I surprised you
don't get hurt you get sick just like in
Minecraft
either zombies like they're on top
alright I'm gonna cut through here
zip oh uh I got double kill
what are ya oh a spike we uh yeah
ah I want to give you this somebody
that was weird what I get hot step in
pink dots and gold piercings all right
his lip I got eight I'm doing much
better with this guy with these choppy
our choppers or choppy or whatever